hey folks kaiser NECO here welcome to
another episode breakdown today we're
covering something really different Kai
abridged episode two pen boy Hogan boy
was this an adventure after the success
of the first abridged guy episode it was
imperative to us that the second episode
follow up in a big way as such we really
went all out to up the visual humor more
than tripled the original runtime or
better or for worse and basically went
balls to the wall in terms of
presentation to start it off here's the
obligatory timeline shot as per the
usual lots going on in both the audio
and video sections now one of the first
real effects you see in this video that
permits the entire episode are these
transitional wipes I use a fast blur and
set their motion tracks as so the
transition is relatively seamless as
possible with the ship here I actually
cut it out in Photoshop erased it from
its original shot and then we pasted it
in place now the snack shots a pretty
infamous one see every time we have a
character use the tie okay I'm sorry the
solar flare a different image flashes
subliminally the first was a picture of
Frieza in the shower
the second was a shot of dodoria and
lingerie but this one well this is a
special one it's actually from her first
18-plus panel ever at yama con 2010 I
believe Lenny put or dressed up as
Franken further you know for Halloween
just gonna just gonna let that one sink
in there for you not entirely unrelated
see the shot of Vegeta about to vomit I
had to take this shot right here with
his eyes closed cut the eyes out and
then we paste them as his head moved now
this next shot here is a little green
there actually isn't a whole lot to this
one there's just a bunch of moving
textures in the background the ears on
the text are in fact dentes ears from
this very shot as well the 3d extrusion
tool in Photoshop did the rest for the
text speaking of little green all these
little shots with his eyelids lowering
their separate layers over his eyes
animations like this have become pretty
standard in the process so you know how
Crillon screams throughout this entire
scene while the Judah keeps laughing
actually how to use two different
screams mashed up together to get the
length needed not that Lani likely
couldn't have done the scream as long as
I needed it but that would have required
him to reap record we were on a time
crunch would have been a total pain in
the ass now for one of the biggest shots
in the entire episode
Vegeta's rage breaking this shot took me
a while to figure out but only because I
had so much fun fooling around with a
mosaic tool and the filters in After
Effects the shot with a crashing flash
tool I actually had to go to the task
manager and quit flash to get the image
I needed then for the destruction of the
fourth wall I led into it using the
motion blur and wiggle tool before using
the shatter tool all in After Effects
the shatter tool would come back pretty
quickly after the shot as well see for
this shot I have several different
layers the background the shadow for the
ginn use the ginyu force themselves the
overlay of the background isolate the
shadow of Goku ship on the Guinea force
then there's the ship itself now here's
something real fun when Goku ship
crashes into them I actually have the
whole ginyu force flatten slightly under
it before it fully crashes the crash
itself involves a stock explosion as
well as the shatter tool but if you
freeze frame it right here you'll notice
something real special you can see
inside of Goku ship honestly as someone
who's going through it frame by frame it
just bothered me that there was nothing
inside the ship as it was exploding the
hilariously cheap shot of the wreckage
was composed of some stock fire as well
as painstakingly cutting out pieces of
Goku ship and then using the 3d
extrusion tool on each before setting
them in place
also this shot of piccolo I had to go
back to the original project file for
episode 24 just to be created
appropriately now for one of the hardest
shots in the entire episode this right
here see for this shot I took the entire
sequence into After Effects then I used
the roto brush to select freeze and
krillen and only Frieza and krillen as
so I could make them a completely
separate layer this was incredibly
time-consuming as I
essentially had to do it frame by frame
D selecting the background every time
also this parts not in the script I just
I just did it on a whim because I'm I'm
I'm 12 years old
also this shot of 10-day leaning in also
not in the script it's actually just
from this earlier shot only caught out
and moved his death shatter effect stock
explosion stock blood spider hey numb
the joke where vegeta coughs up blood in
the middle of Goku's dialogue not in the
script either but moscow flubbed one of
his tags so i ran with it
the next big visual effect is Goku's
raspberry animated by a friend of the
team and very talented artist steven
crow 6 if you're curious about more of
his work he actually has his own attack
on titan abridged called a bridge on
titan give it a look-see getting any
local ons line of dialogue here yeah
we've basically considered that one of
our biggest missed opportunities in the
entire series so here we were finally
able to write that wrong
next see this part with the dragon play
his dialogue backwards for a subliminal
message also for this joke which is
actually a reference to a popular DBZ
YouTube video the greatest line piccolo
ever says I actually took the original
shot of piccolo and cleaned him up just
to keep consistency next we have freezes
hand here that's actually the hand from
here only with the middle finger removed
this time by the weight thank God for
motion blur also the joke of his hand
landing next to him also not in the
script finally with this last part I
ended up taking the original footage
from episode 30 the art of Goku's face
down by a good friend of ours Zack manly
by the way and for Planet Namek turning
into a muffin
I used the wiggle effect again for the
explosion I used CC particle world and
use the original muffin as the template
for each particle it took me a while to
get it to look right but I'm very
satisfied with the end result as for
this shot with nappa that's all misako
ex baby
thank you you wonderful British bastard
for saving me a hell of a lot of time in
production and picking up my slack I
Love You Man funny thing I made sure to
have the day would be going up and the
description we would use to the
point where lani wanted to put it up a
day early and I had to convince him to
wait and now I realize that I've opened
the admitted to holding up content from
you folks so before I find myself
lynched I felt that you would do if you
enjoyed this breakdown make sure to
check out my previous and if you like
videos about video games and our
characters playing video games and
that's playing video games afflict guys
then make sure to check out TFS to
saiyans thanks again and see you next
time